hey let's play a little guessing game
shall we
there will be three levels of difficulty
tell me in the comments which pictures
stumped you the most level one ah I
thought it was a giraffe
[Music]
it should have been a blueberry pie
man that was easy
[Music]
how do you pronounce this word
I once got licked by a cow by the way
[Music]
look how cute it is
I saw a grasshopper here no way it was a
pointed hat you can't mistake those
Tufts
[Music]
two tricky
or is it an alpaca again
[Music]
level two
not a koala Wow
[Music]
[Applause]
looks like a ballerina though
[Music]
lemons can be mischievous
Oh is your best origami tell me in the
comments
[Music]
I wonder what it's made of
I can't believe it's not a hippo
[Music]
hey how was I supposed to guess that
I didn't even know pigs could swim
[Music]
level three cancer like that Bell
this is way too absurd
[Music]
I saw fire hydrants and you
at least one correct guess on my side
[Music]
does it quack hours at you
but it looked like an egg this critter
seems to be exercising more than me
[Music]
this isn't fair
okay I give up